Log client fingerprints (#8798)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/assessment.md

Some instructors may wish to publish links that point students directly to their assessments on PrairieLearn. These links may be published in course web pages, LMS systems like Compass or Canvas, or sent to students via email or other messaging platforms. Instructors should note that the URL listed on the browser points to the instructor view of an assessment, which is typically not accessible to students.

The appropriate link to provide to students can be found by opening the "Settings" tab of the Assessment. This page includes, among other useful information, a Student Link that can be provided to students. This link points students directly to the specific assessment, enrolling them automatically in the course if they are not yet enrolled.

## Client Fingerprint Tracking and Changes

> During a student's assessment instance, PrairieLearn will track the user's IP address, session ID, and user agent (this includes the operating system, browser application, and version). These attributes together make up a client fingerprint. These fingerprints are then recorded during events while accessing the assessment instance. For example, when a student submits a question for grading, a record of the client fingerprint is saved along with the event.
> 
> Each time the client fingerprint is recorded, PrairieLearn checks it against the previous client fingerprint used to access that assessment. PrairieLearn will track and display how many times the fingerprint has changed during the course of the assessment. You can see the number of times a fingerprint changed on the Students tab of an assessment. You may also see more detailed information about the client fingerprint by accessing the student's assessment instance and reviewing the Fingerprint column of the event log.
> 
> Some fingerprint changes may occur during the course of an assessment, like a computer connecting to a different Wi-Fi access point or a student changing locations while working on homework. However, a high number of changes during an exam could be a possible indication of cheating. Many fingerprint changes could be an indication of multiple users or from accessessing the exam from a computer outside of the secure testing facility. While this is not an absolute method, it can be useful for an instructor that wishes to look further into the legitimacy of a student's work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While a student is working on an assessment instance, PrairieLearn tracks the user's IP address, session ID, and user agent (this includes the operating system, browser application, and version). These attributes together make up a client fingerprint. These fingerprints are then recorded during events while accessing the assessment instance. For example, when a student views a question, a record of the client fingerprint is saved along with the view event.

Each time the client fingerprint is recorded, PrairieLearn checks it against the previous client fingerprint used to access that assessment. PrairieLearn will track and display how many times the fingerprint has changed during the course of the assessment. You can see the number of times a fingerprint changed on the Students tab of an assessment. You can also see more detailed information about the client fingerprint by accessing the student's assessment instance and reviewing the Fingerprint column of the event log.

Some fingerprint changes may occur naturally during the course of an assessment, such as a computer connecting to a different Wi-Fi access point or a student changing locations while working on homework. However, a high number of changes in an exam-like environment could be a possible indication of collusion between students. In particular, many fingerprint changes could be an indication that multiple users were accessing the exam simultaneously, such as one student in the exam room and a second student outside. In such a case, the exact pattern of fingerprints in the assessment instance log will be helpful in determining whether there is indeed an academic integrity issue.
```

> Some fingerprint changes may occur during the course of an assessment, like a computer connecting to a different wi-fi access point or a student changing locations while working on homework. However, a high number of changes during an exam could be a possible indication of cheating. Many fingerprint changes could be an indication of multiple users or from accessessing the exam from a computer outside of the secure testing facility. While this is not an absolute method, it can be useful for an instructor that wishes to look further into a students legitimacy of an assessment instance.

Author: Thanks for the proofread. These edits have been included in commit [f3e2341](https://github.com/PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn/pull/8798/commits/f3e2341b807bc5faa08cd5f0423270785dcc9f22).
